Jalen Dunlap Test Cases Project

Test Case 1: FR001 - B1

	Preconditions: 
		1. User has a valid login email and password for the website. 
	
	Name: Login test case
	Label: TCLogB1
	Trace: ECommerceBRD - FR001 - B1
	
	Steps:
		1. From the websites home page click the "Sign in" button in the top right corner of the page
		2. Under the "Already registered?" authentication form enter a valid email address
		3. For the previous step enter the correlating password
		4. Click the green "Sign in" button on the form
	
	Expected result:
		The user is logged into the website and can continue browsing and shopping while staying logged in to the site.
	
	Summary:
		This test case is to verify that a user is able to successfully log in to the website. 

Test Case 2: FR002 - B1
	Preconditions:
		1. User has an email address, contact number, and address
	
	Name: Website Registration
	Label: TCRegB1
	Trace: ECommerceBRD - FR002 - B1
	
	Steps:
		1. From the websites home page click the "Sign in" button in the top right corner of the page
		2. Under the "Create an Account" authentication form enter a valid email address
		3. Click the yellow "Create an account" button below where the email address was entered
		4. Fill in the fields labeled:
			First name*
			Last name*
			Email* (Might be auto filled)
			Password*
			Mobile phone*
			Enter an Address in the related fields with an "*"
		5. Click the green "Register" button
			
	
	Expected result:
		The user will have successfully registered an account with the website and will be logged in and sent to the "My Account" page.
		
	Summary:
		This test verifies a user can create an account with the website.
		
		
		
Test Case 3: FR003 - B1
	Preconditions:
		1. The user knows keywords for product searches
		
	Name: Product Search
	Label: TCProdSearchB1
	Trace: ECommerceBRD - FR003 - B1 
	
	Steps:
		1. From the Home Page click a category that is below the search bar
		2. If a subcategory is available click a sub category
		3. Repeat step 2 until there are no subcategories
		4. Under the catalog choose a filter to narrow the scope of the product search
		
	
	Expected result:
		The user is shown different products related to the category/subcategory used in the search.
		
	Summary:
		This tests the navigation of the website and its ability to search for purchasable items on the website


Bug Reports:

Bug 1: 
	Title: Filter Fail
	Environment:
	Steps to reproduce(Within reason)
	Expected result
	Actual Result
	Visual Proof
	Severity and priority (1 Critical - 4 Low)
	Related Test Cases and Test Run Result































